Story:            mc160.dev.18
Author:           2195212743
Work Time(s):     5807

Douglas loves to play soccer. He plays for the Dolphins. He is very good.  He was excited
about the big game with the Lions.  The night before the game he went to bed late.  He
was watching three TV shows that night.  First was Muffins the Cat.  The second show was
Ernie the Talking Donkey.  The third was Laughing with Herman Hamster.  His Mom told him
to go to bed but Douglas didn't listen.  He fell asleep on the couch. He dreamed all
night.  First about sheep jumping fences.  Second about playing fetch the ball with
Ruffles. Third about Ernie the talking Donkey kicking a soccer ball over the moon. Fourth
about his favorite soccer player Pele head the ball in the goal.

Finally the next morning Douglas got up late because he was so tired.  His Mom called
him and the alarm went off but he did not hear. To get Douglas up his Mom got Ruffles
the dog to lick him in the face.  Douglas got up but had to eat breakfast fast.  Then he
quickly dressed into his uniform.  He was yawning.

His Mom drove him to the soccer field.  The game had started.  Douglas had to sit out the
first quarter.  His team was losing one to nothing when Howard scored for the Lions.
Douglas started the second quarter.  He was tired and could not keep up with the rest of
his team.  The coach was surprised that Douglas was so slow.  Usually he was fast.  After
the second quarter the Dolphins were losing two to one after Howard scored again for the
Lions and Toby scored a goal for the Dolphins. While the coach gave energy drinks to the
team Douglas fell asleep.  The third quarter started.

Douglas was snoring when the coach told him to go in.  When he saw Douglas was sleeping
he sent Billy into the game.  Billy scored one goal and the Dolphins had tied the game two
to two.  Ruffles the dog started barking and then licking Douglas in the face.  Douglas
got up and stretched.  He was finally well rested.  The coach saw Douglas and sent him
into the game.  Douglas remembered his dream.  In the last second he headed the ball in
the goal like Pele. He won the game. The team cheered.

Since that time Douglas goes to bed on time.  He always wants to be well rested.  His Mom
was right.  He gave her a hug.

1: multiple: What dream helped Douglas win the game?
 A) He dreamed about Ernie the donkey kick the ball over the moon.
*B) He dreamed about Pele heading the ball in the goal.
 C) He dreamed about Ruffles fetching the ball.
 D) He dreamed about sheep jumping over fences.

2: one: Who woke Douglas up by licking him in the face?
 A) Muffin the cat.
 B) Herman the hamster.
 C) Ernie the donkey.
*D) Ruffles the dog.

3: multiple: How many points did the Dolphins score and who scored the goals?
 A) They scored two points.  Ruffles and Billy scored.
*B) They scored three points.  Toby Billy and Douglas scored.
 C) They scored five points. Howard Billy Ruffles Douglas and Billy scored.
 D) They scored one point.  Toby scored.

4: one: What game does Douglas love to play?
 A) Douglas loves to play baseball.
*B) Douglas loves to play soccer.
 C) Douglas loves to play basketball.
 D) Douglas loves to play cards.


